in Beijing yesterday this is some
positive news they unveiled the official
Olympic mascot for the Winter Games in
2022 and it is a nice panda it's it's
name is Bing to end when Bing means ice
and Mandarin and it's interesting choice
because ice and pandas are two things we
might not have anymore by 2022 they also
released a video that explains the
origin story of the character I guess
let's take a look at that video now on
there right now this is you see a
mysterious spacecraft rocket stored in
crash lands on earth where it is found
and penetrated by an adorable panda bear
he goes in the alien bubble and he comes
out transformed into ice panda who now
has the power to fly and to leave a huge
magical stadium nest made out of glow
sticks thousand foot long glow sticks
and necklaces - and now it's snowboards
into space where it then high-fives an
astronaut it loves I guess and that is
where our story ends inexplicably with
the new mascot
so that's the new mascot which is kind
of cute it's by no means is that the
worst Olympic mascot we've seen in fact
we combed through we went through every
mascot since 1968 which is the year they
started having them and well here they
are the worst mascots in Olympic history
let we will begin is easy from the 96
Atlanta games who looks like one of the
California Raisins made it with a Smurfs
at number 6 we have kobe from Barcelona
in 1992 he is a fox with one nipple like
Sean Hannity himself at number 5 we have
a do own ma and Liz from Turin in 2006
sad story after the games were over
someone stuck a poker through their
heads
put him on a graham cracker and roasted
them over the Olympic torch as those
coming in at number four is whatever
this was from London that's just a penis
with bracelets on it it's at number
three the first Olympic mascot from
Grenoble in 1968 it's no this is like
the world's scariest toy
it's looks more like Chernobyl than
Grenoble and coming in at number two
this abomination from Athens in 2004 two
people with what appeared to be serious
medical conditions you know the doctors
tried to separate them and they died it
was and the worst mascot in Olympic
history at number one the laziest of all
from the 1980 Moscow games Mischa
this really is the mascot they took a
picture of a teddy bear and put a belt
on him so
Misha
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape